Update config guide (#1652)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/build-blockchain/configuration.adoc

// Settings
:page-aliases: configuration.adoc
:toc: preamble
:idprefix:
:idseparator: -
:docs-sdk: lisk-sdk::
// URLs
// Project URLs
:url_build_module_config: build-blockchain/module/configuration.adoc
:url_build_plugin: build-blockchain/create-plugin.adoc
:url_references_config: {docs-sdk}config.adoc
:url_references_config_system: {docs-sdk}config.adoc#system
:url_references_config_rpc: {docs-sdk}config.adoc#rpc
:url_references_config_network: {docs-sdk}config.adoc#network
:url_references_config_transactionpool: {docs-sdk}config.adoc#transactionpool
:url_references_config_network: {docs-sdk}config.adoc#network
:url_references_config_genesis: {docs-sdk}config.adoc#genesis
:url_references_config_generator: {docs-sdk}config.adoc#generator
:url_references_config_modules: {docs-sdk}config.adoc#modules
:url_references_config_plugins: {docs-sdk}config.adoc#plugins
:url_references_cli_start: {docs-sdk}application-cli.adoc#start

How to configure a sidechain client.

== Node config reference

To get a complete overview of all configuration options for the Lisk SDK, please refer to the xref:{url_references_config}[].

=== Configurations for the sidechain developer

> These configuration are set by the sidechain developer, and *the node operator should not change them.*

Author: ```suggestion
A sidechain developer sets these configurations, *a node operator should not change them.*
```

* xref:{url_references_config_transactionpool}[`transactionpPool`]
* xref:{url_references_config_generator}[`generator`]
* xref:{url_references_config_plugins}[`plugins`]

== Default configuration

The default node configuration is used, if no other config is specified when starting the node.

=== After initialization

When a new client is initialized with `lisk init`, a default config template for the client is generated under `config/default/`.

IMPORTANT: This config is only a template, which is used to generate a default configuration on the initial start of the node.
After the node was started, it will use the config in the <<node-data,node data folder>>.

.Path of the node config template
 <SIDECHAIN_CLIENT>/config/default/config.json

=== After the first start

When the app was started at least once, the config is copied from the template to the folder for the node data, which is located under `~/.lisk/<CLIENT_NAME>/`.

The sidechain node will always use the config in the *node data folder* by default, if no custom config is specified.

[#node-data]
.Node config path
 ~/.lisk/<SIDECHAIN_CLIENT>/config/config.json

== How to use a custom configuration

> A best practise to create a custom configuration for a sidechain client, is to copy an existing `config.json` and adjust it to suit your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A best practice to create a custom configuration for a sidechain client is to copy an existing `config.json`, and then adjust it to suit your requirements.
```

.In the root directory of the sidechain client
[source,bash]
----
cp config/default/config.json config/custom_config.json
----

To use the custom config in the sidechain client, add the `--config` flag to the xref:{url_references_cli_start}[start command] and specify the path to the configuration file.

> The flag `--overwrite-config` overwrites the existing config, in case a different config was used before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flag `--overwrite-config` overwrites the existing config, in case a different config was previously used before.
```

[source,bash]
----
bin/run start --config config/custom_config.json --overwrite-config
----

== Example: Configuration for the Hello World sidechain

> For the Hello World sidechain, create a `custm_config.json`, like explained in the previous stepp <<how-to-use-a-custom-configuration>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Hello World sidechain, create a `custom_config.json`, as explained in the previous step <<how-to-use-a-custom-configuration>>.
```

Then, adjust the RPC configuration as follows:

.config/custom_config.json
[source,js]
----
{

  // ...

    "rpc": {
		"modes": ["ipc", "http"],
		"port": 7887,
		"host": "127.0.0.1"
	},

   // ...

}
----

> This will start the node with enabled API for IPC and HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will start the node with the enabled API for both IPC and HTTP.
```

> That allows to send transactions and other RPC API requests to the node with tools like Postman or cURL, which use the HTTP protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That allows sending transactions and other RPC API requests to the node with tools such as Postman or cURL, which use the HTTP protocol.
```
